Dear Friend,                                                                                                        BSD                                                                                                                              
 
KavanahLife is a groundbreaking new non-profit organization dedicated to bringing excitement, meaning, and inspiration back into Jewish Life.  Too often, Jewish prayer and ritual take on a mechanical and meaningless manner instead of the inspirational and meaningful one it was meant to have. We want to fix this and bring  mindfulness and Kavanah back into daily life.  Prayer, ritual, and daily routine don’t have to be boring and mechanical anymore!  Rabbinic leaders nationwide and across the Jewish spectrum, from universities to synagogues, have endorsed and urged support for KavanahLife as filling an important void in modern Jewish life.
 
Propagating tools and teachings of the Jewish tradition in a modern and accessible style, KavanahLife wants to make sure you and your children get the very best Judaism has to offer.  School and synagogue curricula, spiritual retreats and seminars, audio magazine series, and the Kavanah Prayer Book series are just some of the exciting projects we have in store for the Jewish community.  But we need YOUR tax-deductible donation to make it all happen.
 
We are proud to announce the upcoming Friday Night Kavanah Siddur - The Meaningful Prayerbook - as the first in our series of Prayerbooks. This prayerbook focuses on all aspects of Friday night - its energies, the Kabbalistic meaning behind its many rituals- from candlelighting to why we eat the foods we eat, to intimacy with your spouse. It also includes the complete prayer service with in-depth commentary on every single verse - an approach not found anywhere else.  This prayer book is a MUST for anyone wanting to be inspired and to inspire others on Friday night.  Use it as a prayerbook, a guide, a reference book, or an inspirational teaching tool. 
 
Thank you again for becoming a partner with us in bringing Kavanah back into Judaism.
 
Wishing you and your entire family much good health, success, and simcha.
 
 
Warmest regards,
 
 
Rabbi Samuel Intrator
President Kavanahlife
 
 
All contributions to KavanahLife are tax-deductible.
 
